all right you must now pass the obstacle
course survive this and you're the front
lines of deeper New Jersey save me paul
Blart
sorry about the test dad I'm gonna get
him next year I am Nick we could pie it
just fills the cracks of the heart Oh a
pain he's always been dedicated old
blurry
mall cop to protecting we got a high
roller the West Orange pavilion mall I'm
afraid I'm gonna have to issue a
citation can you validate this sir
Search Search sir you're a nasty old man
from Columbia Pictures our security is
fine but ultimately we rely on the hope
that nothing ever goes down
now help is on the way reports are there
inside the bank until then I need you to
exit the building immediately
I took a sworn oath to protect the small
and all inside it no sergeant looks like
you got your eyes on the inside there's
paul Blart
[Music]
is he crying from happy Madison are you
trained to do
[Music]
these January nobody knows this more
better than I do
[Music]
only men for the job who are part Ward's
peanut Barnard and jelly what's up man
was the last thing they expected
who is this guy
safety never takes a holiday kevin james
is paul blart mall cop under god
[Music]
you